here's a quick little video on my MK 177
is Crossman i put a nikon p-223 scope on
it and it seems to work out really well
it's pretty accurate scope scope is
really crisp and clear
I mean it's expensive scope but I just
thought I'd try it out on this air rifle
doing a little target shooting I don't
know if you can see wait now can't
really see you way down there but anyway
trying out the Crossman SSP pellets
which are horrible worst pellets ever
and trying out these camo rockets and it
seems to like the gamma Rockets a lot
better you just have to make sure the
skirts are a lot of deformed so you have
to kind of pick and choose which pellets
you want to shoot really affects the
accuracy on this rifle as you know every
rifle you know picks its own pellets
like my gamma Bone Collector it likes
the gamma lethal pellets and the
Crossman power shots it's deadly
accurate with those two pellets I could
shoot right through the same hole at 30
or 40 yards
alright man it's just a quick video
letting you know guys know what's up and
you know different pellets that target
see there in the back that was my steel
force shooting uh shooting hell out of
it yesterday I went through about 7,000
bb's and uh two boxes of steel tubes
alright guys you know just a quick run
around around this gun I got a little
you know tactical light on the front you
know Nikon p2 three-two-three scope as I
said and uh it's very very nice gun you
know I liked it at first it was a little
hard to pump but uh it got a lot easier
a lot easier as time went on and as you
know I all dit up and you know as I shot
it alright you two keep shooting
straight